Título del proyecto *


Based on the videos and the reading material, how would you define a data scientist and data science? (3 marks)

Data Science is a process, not an event. Data Science is the field of exploring, manipulating, and analyzing data, using data answer questions or make recommandations.
data scientist are people who ask questions to clarify the business need, analyzing the data in different ways. and answering questions. i,e. 
what data do we need to solve the problem, and where will that data come from?.


As discussed in the videos and the reading material, data science can be applied to problems across different industries. 
What industry are you passionate about and would like to pursue a data science career in? (1 mark)

Artificial Intelligence using neural networks. specifically applying patterns to train in some type of knowledge. i.e speech recognition.


Based on the videos and the reading material, what are the ten main components of a report that would be delivered at the end of a data science project? (5 marks

the componentes are cover page, table of contents, executive summary, detailed contents, acknowledgements, references and appendices.


Data science is the study of large quantities of data, which can reveal insights that help organizations make strategic choices.
There are  many paths to a career in data science; most, but not all, involve a little math, a little science, and a lot of curiosity about data.
New data scientists need to be curious, judgemental and argumentative.
Why data science is considered the sexiest job in the 20th century, paying high salaries for skilled workers.


Big Data refers to the dynamic, large and disparate volumes of data being created by people, 
tools, and machines. 
It requires new, innovative, and scalable technology to collect, host, and analytically process the vast 
amount of data gathered in order to derive real-time business insights that relate to consumers, risk, profit, performance, productivity management, and enhanced shareholder value.”

